# ds_module_6_python_apis
Python APIs Homework

This homework assignment required me to make API calls to both OpenWeatherMap and Geoapify to get weather data for a randomly generated list of cities and then use that data to determine the nearest hotels for coordinates that matched criteria for a fictional vacation. 

For the WeatherPy notebook, I read in JSON files I had retrieved from OpenWeatherMap, retrieved specific weather data for each city, created a DataFrame with the retrieved data, cleaned the data to remove rows with null values, and then compared Latitude data with Maximum Temperature, Humidity, Cloudiness, and Wind Speed in scatter plots with linear regression lines. To create the scatter plots with linear regression lines, I created a function that took in the following variables: the x-variable, y-variable, x-label, y-label, and coordinates for the line equation. With the variables, unique charts were created complete with titles, x- and y-labels, regression line, and the line equation. The charts showed that Latitude was only correlated with or predictive of temperature while the other weather conditions were independent of latitude.

For the VacationPy notebook, I read in the raw DataFrame I had created in WeatherPy that had all of the data that had been retrieved from OpenWeatherMap. Using hvplot, I created a map of all the cities that had been randomly generated. However, because I was creating a map of all the cities using the humidity of the cities as the size of the marker, I had to drop all rows with null values in the humidity column. After that, I narrowed down all of the cities based on the weather in the cities to determine which cities met those criteria. Using Geoapify, I made API calls to determine which hotel was closest to the coordinates within a 10km radius of the coordinates. These values were added to the filtered DataFrame that held values that met the vacation criteria. With this new information, a new map was created using hvplot that included the cities that met the vacation criteria and included the hotel name.